Update: Journey -> ladder (#3726)
dfinity/portal: docs/tutorials/developer-journey/level-1/1.4-using-cycles.mdx

- Receiving a grant of ICP tokens through the DFINITY Foundation.
- Receiving ICP tokens in return for providing resources as a node provider.

> For new developers, a free cycles coupon can be obtained and redeemed for 10T free cycles that can be used to get started with dapp deployment. For this developer ladder, you'll be obtaining and using that free cycles coupon.

Author: ```suggestion
For new developers, a free cycles coupon can be obtained and redeemed for 10T free cycles that can be used to get started with dapp deployment. For this tutorial, you'll be obtaining and using that free cycles coupon.
```
